docs: document the dashboard 48-column grid (#5449) (#6329)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/dashboards/arrange-panels.md

To organize dashboard panels, you need the **All** privilege for the **Dashboard** feature in {{product.kibana}}.

> ## Dashboard grid layout [dashboard-grid-layout]

Author: ```suggestion
## Dashboard grid layout and best practices [dashboard-grid-layout]
```

Dashboards use a 48-column grid with rows of fixed height. When you move or resize a panel, it snaps to column and row boundaries on this grid. New panels are created at half width (24 columns) by default.

Use these reference widths to keep panels aligned across a row:

| Panel width | Columns |
| ----------- | ------- |
| Full        | 48      |
| Half        | 24      |
| Third       | 16      |
| Quarter     | 12      |
| Sixth       | 8       |

> ### Best practices [arrange-panels-best-practices]

Author: ```suggestion
```

> A few habits keep dashboards scannable and consistent as you add panels:

Author: ```suggestion
Consider the following best practices to keep dashboards scannable as you add panels:
```
